---
title: Huntsman Corporation Appoints Amy Smedley as Executive Vice President, General
  Counsel & Secretary
url: https://www.huntsman.com/news/media-releases/detail/616/huntsman-corporation-appoints-amy-smedley-as-executive-vice
date: '2025-12-29'
author: ''
feed_url: https://www.huntsman.com/news/media-releases/rss
---
THE WOODLANDS, Texas , Dec. 29, 2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Huntsman Corporation (NYSE: HUN) announced that Amy Smedley has joined the company as Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary effective Jan. 5, 2026. Ms. Smedley will succeed Huntsman's current General Counsel, David Stryker, who is retiring. Ms. Smedley has extensive experience in litigation, compliance, and corporate governance. Most recently, she has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer at Savage Companies since 2022. Prior to joining Savage Companies, Ms. Smedley spent 16 years at Huntsman, where she built a successful career as an essential member of the Legal team. With Huntsman, she advanced through key legal leadership roles, ultimately serving as Vice President and Deputy General Counsel. In that time, her tenure included leading high-profile cases, notably the successful Albemarle litigation, along with other critical legal matters. Ms. Smedley previously clerked for the Honorable William T. Thurman, United States Bankruptcy Judge, and practiced at Snell & Wilmer L.L.P. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Peter R. Huntsman, our President, CEO and Chairman, commented: "We look forward to welcoming Amy back to Huntsman. Since leaving Huntsman, Amy has served as the General Counsel of Savage Companies, a privately held, multi-billion dollar international company. During her time at Huntsman, she was Deputy General Counsel and worked extensively with our litigation and business development groups. Amy will bring a depth and breadth of knowledge and experience to our senior leadership team and continued drive to create shareholder value." About Huntsman: Huntsman Corporation is a publicly traded global manufacturer and marketer of differentiated and specialty chemicals with 2024 revenues of approximately $6 billion. Our chemical products number in the thousands and are sold worldwide to manufacturers serving a broad and diverse range of consumer and industrial end markets. We operate more than 60 manufacturing, R&D and operations facilities in approximately 25 countries and employ approximately 6,300 associates within our continuing operations. For more information about Huntsman, please visit the company's website at www.huntsman.com . Social Media: X: www.x.com/Huntsman_Corp Facebook: www.facebook.com/huntsmancorp LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/huntsman Forward-Looking Statements: Certain information in this release constitutes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements are based on management's current beliefs and expectations. The forward-looking statements in this release are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances and involve risks and uncertainties that may affect the company's operations, markets, products, services, prices and other factors as discussed under the caption "Risk Factors" in the Huntsman companies' filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Significant risks and uncertainties may relate to, but are not limited to, volatile global economic conditions, cyclical and volatile product markets, disruptions in production at manufacturing facilities, reorganization or restructuring of Huntsman's operations, including any delay of, or other negative developments affecting the ability to implement cost reductions, timing of proposed transactions, and manufacturing optimization improvements in Huntsman businesses and realize anticipated cost savings, and other financial, economic, competitive, environmental, political, legal, regulatory and technological factors. The company assumes no obligation to provide revisions to any forward-looking statements should circumstances change, except as otherwise required by applicable laws. View original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/huntsman-corporation-appoints-amy-smedley-as-executive-vice-president-general-counsel--secretary-302650329.html SOURCE Huntsman Corporation
